README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/swinefc/ichooseamerica/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/swinefc/ichooseamerica/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Updated for tryout to Shark Tank

README.md, after:

## Welcome to iChooseAmerica

This simple website contains information about the movement engaging voters in their representative democracy


### History

iChooseAmerica was born out of Chris Swinefurth's realization that he didn't know the name of his representative and even worse, didn't know how they aligned with his views.

### Letter Sent to top 25 American Billionares

In May of 2017, I sent a letter to the top 25 Billionares in America.

[Here is the letter sent to Warren Buffett](iChooseAmerica_Letter_to_Warren_Buffett.pdf)

### Application to ABC's Shark Tank

On July 16th, 2019, I tried out for the ABC show Shark Tank.  I hoped to succeed with entertaining content and a chance to change the world.

### Similar Ideas

[Somebody who gets it](https://brigade.news/what-your-7th-grade-civics-class-got-wrong-a18fe2e16e85)

[Countable is close](https://www.countable.us)

### Caveats

Please know this website isn't pretty or polished.  It's simply informational for someone who is interested in helping.  It is not a complete picture of iChooseAmerica, but simply background information.

Thank You and Have a Nice Day
